welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna get industrious and have a
silly time with the boys in the 2015
zombie comedy Scouts guide to the zombie
apocalypse let's get to it we open up
some epic janitorial tick-tocking first
what both stand a plate and smile let's
not get crazy with the copyright
material here he's cleaning some sort of
advanced experimental laboratory and is
left alone to do his job with strict
instructions not to touch anything
instead he touches quite a bit
ultimately applying compressions to low
although it does seem to work as the
patient comes to the scientist is too
distracted by his takis to take notice
and like a raccoon nearly gets stuck
until he lets go of his shiny prize oh
man that could have ended poorly
we then transitioned to his Scout
recruiting promo and learned that the
troop is even too lame for one of the
lowest ranking members of the a/v Club
no matter this is a day of celebration
as the gang prepares for a campout to
celebrate Oggy receiving his Condor
badge the highest honor bestowed upon a
scout in peacetime we learned shortly
after that Carter and Ben have been
planning on ditching Scouts with the
hope of improving their social status
but their conversation is disrupted by a
maniac stag they find assistance in the
form of Carter's older sister Kendall
who views Ben as a little brother type
while she makes his pants explode and
her boyfriend Jeff a real hetero dude
Ben is momentarily troubled to see the
indisputably dead deer has vanished but
this is a mystery for another day as
Carter scores them invites to the secret
senior party meanwhile troop leader
Rogers is scouting out a campsite and
identifying scat when he hears a strange
noise it ends up just being nature and
then he stabs nature in the eye before
getting necked by a zombie this results
in the boys finding Oggy alone assuming
in the lack of supervision to be a part
of his Condor test they commenced a
finishing camp and a distinctly
party-like manner including a variety of
hijinks and the deepest [ __ ] hole you've
ever seen over the campfire that evening
we learned that Auggie's deceased dad
used to be the Scout leader resulting in
his commitment and their willingness to
maintain these traditions after
nightfall Carter convinces Ben to duck
out for a few minutes of double-secret
partying but Auggie's a light sleeper
they get into an argument admit their
intent to leave scouts and go their
separate ways
they make a stop in town to change and
notice the area is unusually deserted
including the front door of the local
strip club which beckons to them then
slowly begins his transition to manhood
but they are both left horrified with
the most confusing boners they're saved
at the last minute by the cocktail
waitress and local legend Denise and
then run out to the car to make their
getaway meanwhile Augie has gone to look
for mr. Rogers at his house and catches
him as he's on his way out the Scout
leader has a very underlay like response
to happening upon a guest and in the
ensuing struggle Augie
earns his face melting bash the others
arrive at the police station to find
they missed a town evacuation they're
forced to barricade themselves inside
and the boys finally begin pulling some
weight but the numbers are too great and
they flee finding the only safe course
of action to be locking themselves in a
Cell they're stuck like this for just
long enough to develop their characters
and relationships then a loud noise
outside causes the zombies to stream out
to the parking lot
bogey saw their car and set a
distraction allowing him to duck in and
release them and for them to escape out
the back
they eventually run across military
personnel and learned that there were no
orders to evacuate a large party they
convinced him to take them to the
address provided to Carter but arrived
at a water treatment plant instead
subtly indicating Carter's social value
and get it it's full of [ __ ]
they then lose their military escort
when Denis is forced to crush his head
although unable to raise anyone on the
radio they do hear that there's an
airstrike scheduled in a few hours they
drive to Carter's house to search for
Kendall's diary and ascertain the
location of the party in a quiet moment
of stairs Denis encourages Ben to go for
it with Kendall and helps him find his
balls meanwhile downstairs Carter and
Augie both patrol the perimeter and
reconcile and then are confronted by
Carters mean old neighbor who doesn't
pose much trouble however the noise
attracts an abundance of unwanted
attention they begin to bounce their way
out sans diary until it pops out the
last moment and Ben grabs it before
joining the others they creep into the
neighbor's house looking for a calm
place review the diary and the house is
relatively clear except for the zombie
cats which end up chasing them to where
they wanted to go anyway so no big deal
and from that location they bust out
after determining the location Denis
rides off to get help while the boys
into a rousing speech upon the
completion of which they summon the
combined power of their 47 earned badges
and have an epic hardware-store montage
at the party we learned the outbreak has
found the seniors but before it turns
into a bloodbath
a whistle reverberates through the air
announcing the scouts
all clad with their improvised
implements of destruction they promptly
engage in the act of spreading brain
matter all over the dance hall they
heroically lead everyone out staying
behind to prevent the survivors from
being followed as they run out of ammo
they're forced upstairs where they find
at dearth of exit options so Augie whips
out a giant bomb and as he struggles to
light a tan on suicidal option is
revealed
Augie sets it and forgets it and they
find their way out into the parking lot
as Denise's military backup arrives the
movie that ends on a positive note with
Carter forced to accept Ben as his
sister's new lover and that was scouts
guide to the zombie apocalypse another
really good horror comedy with some
backbone to it if you enjoyed the video
I'd love for you become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching